
Stage 0.

Dimensions

Width of main container 800px

height header 144px;

sidebar width 200px

sidebar padding left + right = 40px;


content 
margin-left 240px
padding-right 20px

footer
padding-right 60px;



Stage 1.

Start with the default html code

Establish the main container 
set the background color to red

Stage 2.

Inside the main container put the other containers

set their colors so we can see what is going on.

stage 3.

Float side bar to the left and set its width to 200px

Stage 4.
Put some text in content to see how the content element melds with the floated element

Note how text flows around the floated content.

This is not what we want.  We want the two distinct columns

Stage 5.
Set the margin-left to 200 to push the content to right

Stage 6.
Fill the side bar with sample text.  Note that the sidebar is not pushing the footer down.
Explanation: By default, any floated element will not push down elements that are below it.
This is because floated elements are not considered part of the document ‘flow’.
 Its like they are on another layer ‘floating’ above the other elements, and becuase of this,
it can’t effect their positions.

Stage 7.
Assign clear property to the footer.
When an element has the clear property assigned, if it comes into contact with a float it is 
placed right below where that float ends. You can specify if it is effected by only left 
floats or only right floats, in this case we could use either ‘right’ or ‘both’. We’ll 
use clear: both just to be safe.

Stage 8.

Add in all the content.

Stage 9.

Lot of margins and paddings introduced by the content, so we take those out to make things clearer.

Stage 10.
Sidebar and content paddings

Stage 11.
Fix the overlap by increasing the margin for content

Stage 12.
Fix the height of the header banner and the side menu and margin and padding.  Elements are now sized correctly.
center the copy right text using padding property.  Set the properties for the side menu: paddingsand margins.  Set 
the bottom padding to 153px.  Make the anchor items in list items not have any text decorations, to have a border on the
bottom of width 1px and solid style.  Display links with block style.

Stage 13.
Get rid of the background colors.


Stage 14.
Set the fonts, and other font properties.   Get rid of some of the paddings from step 10.

Stage 15.
Background for the sidemenu.  Sidemenu link hover,active styles

Stage 16.
Background colors: set main bg to off white (253,253,253) #FDFDFD, set footer bg color

Stage 17.
Top bg

Stage 18.
Side background

Stage 19.
Logo bg, sidebar menu bg, adjust the image so it looks right.

Stage 20.
insert the image into content

Stage 21.
Float the image.

Stage 22.
Center everything











